# Aincar-Car driving health system
Aincar is a car driving health system (login module + personal module) that integrates health indicators such as blood pressure, heart rate, body temperature, fatigue, lowered head volume, drinking times, driving speed, and behavior attribute monitoring. Aincar will collect and save the driver’s health and behavior data in real time during the user’s driving. The driver or the user who needs to manage and be responsible for the driver can view the driver’s real-time blood pressure and heart rate while driving, and based on each Check the blood pressure and heart rate curve, water consumption, driving concentration, fatigue and other data and comprehensive health report during the trip. Using ECG + PPG photoelectric non-invasive blood pressure measurement technology, blood pressure measurement becomes a thing within reach. (Non-invasive blood pressure measurement technology) Aincar monitors and analyzes the driver's health index in real time during the user's driving. If the driver detects signs of sudden high blood pressure during the driving, it will promptly issue an alert, and automatically send a text message or dial a preset If this contact method is invalid, Aincar will call 114 emergency roadside assistance, and will broadcast a warning to all users on the same road using Aincar to remind the driver of a vehicle in front of the abnormal situation (114). The owner's health and safe driving provide good monitoring and protection. Aincar uses MQTT long connection technology to ensure that real-time health data transmission is stable and reliable (real-time data feedback) without packet loss. TTS voice conversion makes health reminders change from cold text to friendly voice (TTS language conversion). If people with road rage are recognized by smart cameras while driving, Aincar will play soft music to relieve emotional stress (music playback). In the long-distance highway, Aincar will remind the driver of the location of the toilet nearby to ensure the driver's comfortable driving. Relieve kidney pressure (toilet finding module). Aincar not only has an early warning function, but also pays more attention to the health prevention of the driver and the prevention of dangerous driving behaviors. For example, it will automatically prompt the driver to drink water, go to the toilet, and take a nap after two hours of long-distance driving. If the driver is looking at the phone, distracted, overworked, etc. while driving, Aincar will use the car’s own voice to give voice announcements. When the driver’s fatigue value is too high, it will use biofeedback adjustments such as lights to improve driving focus degree. Aincar provides modules such as health habits check-in group, health video, and health professional consultation in the APP (health video module-health professional module-health information module-check-in module). According to the driver's health data, it is connected to the physical examination rehabilitation center (physical examination center module-physical examination center detailed module).

AIncar is not only an in-vehicle health system but also an intelligent health center with temperature and scientific reliability.

We will create a new era of connection, integration, service, innovation, and Internet of Vehicles.
AIncar knows more than perception.

## Development server

Maven-install

## Service

We provide a lot of IoT interfaces

